feat: add information in regards to release forms (#315)
ansys/pyansys-dev-guide: doc/source/getting-started/administration.rst

products. Due to intellectual property reasons, the public release of a PyAnsys
library must go through a project approval process.

First steps
-----------

> In order to trigger the public release process, project leads should fill in the following
> form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To trigger the public release process, project leads must fill in this form:
```

* `Release request workflow initiation form <https://gz2idtcjsw2.typeform.com/to/qVujtwSR>`_

> This form lets the different parties involved in the public release process know that
> there is a request to release a project. If your selected option was to release an Ansys Open
> Source project, then please continue to the next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The form lets the different parties involved in the public release process know that
there is a request to release a project. If your intent is to release an Ansys Open
Source project, then continue to the next section.
```

* Uphold Ansys' reputation in the open source community.

> Once all these three approvals have been awarded, project leads are requested to fill
> in the next form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all three approvals have been awarded, project leads must complete
the next form:
```

* `OSS approval request form <https://gz2idtcjsw2.typeform.com/OSSapproval>`_

> This form serves as a final checklist to verify that all approvals have been processed
> and to formalize the OSS approval process, as a final record. You can find the questions
> to be asked in :ref:`OSS approval request form questions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This form serves as a final checklist to verify that all approvals have been processed
and to formalize the OSS approval process as a final record. You can find frequently
asked questions in :ref:`OSS approval request form questions`.
```

.. |uncheck_| raw:: html

    <input disabled="" type="checkbox">

> OSS approval request form questions

Reviewer: @greschd So true! I made an assumption and forgot to go back to the section title to edit after I understood the content. Thank you!

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When filling in the `OSS approval request form`_, project leads have to
> answer the following questions (they might be of different nature: fill in,
> yes/no, or multiple-choice). Be ready to answer them once you start completing
> the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When filling in the `OSS approval request form`_, project leads must
supply responses to these questions:.
```
Does it matter what the format of questions on the form are?

.. card:: |uncheck| General questions

    * What is the name of your project?
    * Who is the project maintainer?
    * Who is the lead from the product team?
    * Who is the Product Management contact?

>     * Who is the ACE/AFT owner?

Author: Yep, let's do that. =)

>     * Who is the ACE/AFT owner?

Reviewer: @phxnsharp and @RobPasMue I don't think that Sharepoint page is public.

>     * Who is the ACE/AFT owner?

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I didn't realize this documentation was public. The SECOE website is intentionally "internal only" to Ansys to allow internal Ansys people to freely add content without worrying about legal or marketing concerns. Good catch @PipKat.

.. card:: |uncheck| Legal questions

    * Who validated your legal readiness?
    * Provided there are no issues with the MIT license, have you correctly applied
      it to the GitHub Repository for your project?
    * Is the copyright header correctly applied to your files in GitHub?
    * Have you confirmed that any IP is removed from the code, docs, and examples?

>     * I and my legal reviewer as well as my product and PM reviewer have confirmed that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * I and my legal reviewer, as well as my product and PM reviewer, have confirmed that
```

      there is no business interest in keeping this code confidential.
    * I and my legal reviewer confirm there is no business interest in enforcing copyright
      protection for this code.

>     * I and my legal reviewer confirm that the code does not contain any 3rd party material

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * I and my legal reviewer confirm that the code does not contain any third-party material
```

      (open source, proprietary, partner, customer, or otherwise).
    * I and my legal reviewer confirm that the code does not include any invention on which

>       the company has, or might want to seek a patent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      the company has, or might want to seek, a patent.
```

>     * Have you cleaned up the comments/issues/PRs/etc. to remove any potentially bad things?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Have you cleaned up comments, issues, and pull requests to remove any potentially bad content?
```

>     * My legal reviewer and I have checked the dependencies and validated they do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * My legal reviewer and I have checked the dependencies and validated that they do not
```

>       impose any licensing difficulties?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      impose any licensing difficulties.
```

    * I and my legal reviewer confirm there is NO encryption present in the code.
    * The repository that hosts the code is generally accessible to the public with no
      time limits or access restrictions.
    * This tool or library is not meant for use in any specific industry, platform, or

>       process and is meant for use by general customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      process but rather for use by general customers.
```

.. card:: |uncheck| Technical questions

    * Who verified your technical review?
    * Was your documentation for usage/installation/pre-reqs reviewed by the docs team?
    * Has your source code documentation been reviewed?

>     * Completed end user testing?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Has end user testing been completed?
```

>     * Pull request testing complete?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Has pull request testing been completed?
```
What does this even mean?

>     * Minimum of 80% testing coverage verified?
>     * Your usage and installation examples are ready?
>     * Package definition ready and PyPi packaging completed?
>     * GitHub Repository has the contribution guidance and CLA set up and ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Has a minimum test coverage of 80% been achieved?
    * Are usage and installation examples included and tested?
    * Is the package definition ready and PyPi packaging completed?
    * Does the GitHub repository supply contribution guidance and have CLA set up?
```

.. card:: |uncheck| Business questions

>     * Who did you get from the PMM/DevEco team to check your readiness?
>     * Did you tell ACE and the Business Unit you are at this point?
>     * Is there something public that is already called the same thing you want to call your project?
>     * Did you get Product Marketing Manager (PMM) signoff?
>     * Did you let DevEco know so they can update links from the DevPortal to your new OSS project?
>     * Did you let Product Management know that your library is nearing release?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Who on the Product Marketing Manager (PMM) or Developer Ecosystem (DevEco)
      team checked your project for readiness?
    * Did you tell ACE and your Business Unit lead that you are ready for release?
    * Is there something public that already has the same name as your project?
    * Did you get PMM signoff?
    * Did you ask the DevEco team to update links from the Developer Portal to your new OSS project?
    * Did you let the PMM team know that your library is nearing release?
```
